Errors with setup.sh cause this to crash. figure out whats wrong and fix it. I want a completely ironed out approach to this and need it to just work. I dont want any workarounds or anything where teh script continues after vital system components dont work. Its a slog but I just need setup.sh fixed to make everything work. If necessary you can fix up the other stuff. Also send your code as a file in this session, dont edit or do anything. Also I dont want any emojis in this document. I do not want any sections deletd, make sure you are aware of every single dependency across all of the documents and the system packages required for them to run. Try to make sure that all of the packages are as modern as they can and I dont want any half assed partial dependency hell, sucha s wehn you installed music21 8.something instead of teh most recent package. Just be aware of the system, its requirments and start working on that, iterating from each new epoch. You can change anything you wish, as long as the functionalities defined in the backend work exactly as theyre programmed to. no workarounds. I need both quality and for this program to run as intended. Check readme for guidance on the exact functionalities if you need to, and make your undertsanding fine grained with crawling through the rest of teh files. if you want, you can adjust requirements.txt to make dependencies more cohesive. Also when you're writing the fixlog, include inline comments on setup.sh about the fixes you make, so it is easier to find out what changed and how it causes new errors, just a simple report. Number the changes you make so that each new session with you doesnt result in going nowhere. Its good for maintaining. Also I would prefer a line by line edit history. Also print the entire terminal output to a file called result.txt at the end so It can be used for further analysis. ALso read through the full terminal log below and identify and think of a plan to solve every single issue, incompatibility, etc... And then do teh rest of the stuff I as, giving back all the code as a file i this session, as I have specified before.
